doc: security: rework section structure (#17629)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/crypto_operations.rst

.. _cryptographic_operations_in_ncs:

Cryptographic operations in |NCS|
#################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Cryptographic operations in |NCS| are handled by the :ref:`nrf_security`, which is configurable through Kconfig options.

> The module can be enabled through the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURITY` Kconfig option, and it allows the usage of `Mbed TLS`_ and `PSA Cryptography API 1.0.1`_ for cryptographic operations and random number generation in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the module through the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_SECURITY` Kconfig option, and it allows the usage of `Mbed TLS`_ and `PSA Cryptography API 1.0.1`_ for cryptographic operations and random number generation in the application.
```

Author: Page removed.
